Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
[Episode 5: What Should I Say?]
Lee Shi Yoon, Lee Shi Yoon.
I've heard that name before.
- Ah, Mister Kang.
- Yes?
Do you happen to know anything about
Lee Shi Young and Lee Shi Kyung's dad?
What is this about?
They're both saying different things,
so I'm confused.
Oh, he was a doctor.
It was something like
a civil war in Africa.
He went there to help and went missing.
Doctor?
Did their father live
in this neighborhood?
Probably.
They moved from Seoul
into their grandma's house.
That's right, then. Lee Shi Yoon!
- I thought I knew that name.
- What?
An old classmate of mine
went to medical school.
I think it's the same Lee Shi Yoon.
Wow, Lee Shi Yoon.
I haven't heard his name in so long.
Wait... then those are Shi Yoon's kids?
I have to think about things slowly,
one by one, in times like this.
Let's get things in order.
The most urgent thing is answering Bom.
What should I say to her?
Also, Shi Young.
I have no idea how
to deal with Lee Shi Young.
Especially that nasty temper of hers.
No, this isn't it.
I need to talk to Shi Young too.
No, it's impossible to talk to her.
- Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
- Who took it?
What is this sense of dread?
And this fear?
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, what are you doing?
Eat it all you want.
Hey. Why are you taking that?
This is what you owe me
for eating all the food I bought.
Hey!
Lee Shi Young, where are you going
at this hour?
Aren't you going to apologize to Grandma?
Haven't you noticed she's been
coming home late since you did that?
- Gosh, that girl.
- Lee Shi Young!
That's the last of my emergency money.
Give it back!
She's not up to anything strange, is she?
Oh yeah. Hey!
The student dean said to bring
a written apology when you get to school.
I delivered the message.
Written apology? Why?
Huh?
Lee Shi Young's always writing those
wherever she goes.
It's nothing.
What's wrong with your face?
Mom... yogurt.
Shi Young doesn't treat you like an
older brother because you act like this.
It tastes good though.
You better not think about going out.
Don't you dare go to an internet cafe.
So dirty.
Hello? Grandma?
Are you still at the hospice?
What?
Ah, that grandma
with the teardrop diamond?
Yes, that's right.
That lady from last time.
She wants to learn how to play Go-Stop.
Can you come now?
Okay. Come quickly.
Oh Bong Sook must be
looking for Shi Kyung.
I did a little manipulation.
She enjoys playing Go-Stop.
I want her to learn from Shi Kyung
and have some fun.
It's better than her cursing
at her children all the time.
Grandma Duk Boon,
you're Shi Kyung's grandmother.
I didn't know.
I've lived as if I had no grandson,
granddaughter, or daughter-in-law.
I don't know why I was
so against seeing them.
You embrace everyone in the world.
Why did you feel that way?
What do you mean you embraced it?
My son went missing.
It was the people here
who helped me to go on living.
If you had really known me...
I was being a petty person.
Why would you say that?
Do you know how much I respect you,
Grandma Duk Boon?
Oh no. Don't say such a thing.
Why would someone like you say that
to an illiterate person like me?
Oh, right.
Kim Jae Woong agreed to see his mother.
Of course, he should.
He should see her before he dies.
His mother will never get over it
if he passes away without seeing her.
But, it will be difficult
to get his mother over here.
We have no one who can pick her up.
She can't come here on her own.
We should get her here any way we can.
Where does she live?
Somewhere by the sea
in Boryeong, Chungcheong-do.
Really?
What is her exact address?
How do I do it?
You just swipe it with your finger.
Like this.
That's not it.
I was trying to swipe the other card.
You'll get used to it if you keep at it.
- Try once more.
- Should I?
This time I'll do this one.
It worked! It worked!
It worked?
It worked. It worked! Oh, it worked!
I told you it would work.
At times like this,
we have to do a high-five.
Oh, we need to do it right
if we're going to do it.
- Oh yeah!
When you're not using it,
you need to...
press this here to turn it off.
I'm giving this to you because
I'm thankful, so take it.
No, it's okay.
Put it away before someone comes.
I'm thankful to your grandma,
but she will never take my money.
So, I want you to accept some.
No, it's okay.
Are things going well?
Good, good.
- It's so fun.
- I'm sure it is.
One more round?
If I think about it...
I've never gone out to eat with Bom.
We've never done anything together.
Okay, I'll use this
to go somewhere nice with Bom.
We'll eat something delicious,
and I'll answer her in a cool manner.
No...
I'll give her a cool answer.
Then, we'll eat something delicious.
I don't know.
I'll just use it wisely and be good
to that grandma.
Just think of it as
a kind of part-time job.
Yes, that's perfectly normal.
Bring a cactus tomorrow,
and come to my office.
- You want to borrow my phone?
- Yes.
Just for a day, okay?
I really need it today.
I have a really important group chat
with my cosplay friends.
Huh? Please, Aunt Jung Soo.
Just for a day.
Ah, I don't think so.
You don't have anyone calling you,
and you have your computer.
You're going to be home all day.
No, I need my phone too.
Sorry, but I can't lend you this.
You're being so harsh, Aunt.
Other aunts buy their nieces phones.
You can't even lend me yours?
How many years have you lived
off of our household?
You should feel guilty,
and lend it to me.
Hey, I'd rather buy you a phone.
Later on.
Aunt, do you have a weird personal
reason why you won't lend it to me?
Do you have a man?
Are you in some sort
of illicit relationship?
Come on. It's nothing like that.
What are you saying?
I just really need the phone today.
Aunt, look at that. Look, look.
What is it?
Lee Shi Young, I'm waiting
for a phone call.
Where should we go, and how can I
answer her and look really cool?
Hey, you! Student.
Did you bring your written apology?
What is this?
I've seen this somewhere before.
How rude of you to take my clothes?
All right. I'll let you off the hook.
It's not the first time.
What about the 10,000 won
you took from me last time?
Give me my 10,000 won.
Hey, there. Student, student!
Can't you hear me?
Oh, hello.
Come on in. Come in.
- Hello.
- Get in front of me.
It's Shi Kyung.
- Good morning.
- Hello.
Good morning.
So, Bom said she had something
to talk to Shi Kyung about.
What was that about?
Hey, I asked you first.
Aren't you friendly with Shi Young?
Ask Shi Young, okay?
I don't know either.
Hasn't Bernard mentioned anything
back at home?
He hasn't said anything.
If you're so curious,
ask Bom or Bernard yourself.
There she is. Ask her.
No, it's okay.
Where did you get that hoodie?
This? It's Shi Kyung's.
Do you want to switch with me for today?
Sounds good.
Today, I have to say something,
just anything.
If I just stay around like this,
it's as if I did nothing.
But, what am I supposed to say to her?
Bom.
Bom... Bom.
Gosh.
Yes, should we date?
Is that too common?
I thought about it.
Let's just date.
Is this kind of cool?
I'm angry right now.
I hate myself for not asking you
to date me first.
Crazy punk.
Hey, I thought about it.
Give me a few more days.
It's not because I dislike you
or anything.
I like being with you too.
Also, thank you for telling me first.
But, I think I need more time
to think and not answer so quickly.
I don't know why that is.
Okay, I'll be honest.
Perhaps...
it's because I've never
had a girlfriend before.
All the women around me are
my mom, my aunt, and Shi Young.
Honestly, I thought all girls
were like Shi Young.
Stubborn, young, and selfish.
She does whatever she wants.
You're different though.
So, I was taken aback.
I won't drag this out.
Give me a few days.
You can wait for me, right?
Thank you!
I'll contact you when I'm ready.
Have high expectations.
You know you look quite pretty
from the back too.
Hey, you. Student!
Why wait so many days?
Let's just end this today.
How... how are you here?
You were talking to Bom
who looks pretty from the back.
What are you going to do now that
your stubborn little sister heard it?
Don't worry though, Bernard,
Where did you get that?
You borrowed it from Aunt Jung Soo?
I like being with you too.
Also, thank you for telling me first.
Lee Shi Young!
I'll go to Bom and our classmates.
I'll deliver this cheesy recording
to them without leaving any of it out.
Hey, you can't do that!
Are you really going to tell them?
Hey, hey!
You're not that thoughtless.
But, I am.
I'm stubborn, young, and selfish.
What can't I do?
Hey, I didn't mean to say that.
Don't do it.
I'd rather forget about the cruel things
Shi Young did to me that day.
Though, I did get my
petty revenge on her.
What?
Ah, Shi Young?
You're still thinking about that?
- You're lucky.
- Why?
You don't have a little sister.
I wish I had a little sister
like Shi Young.
Want to adopt her?
- What?
- No.
Lee Shi Young is not human.
Let's divide her.
I'll let you have more.
Sure.
But, nothing much happened
with Shi Young in class.
What do you mean nothing happened?
Lee Shi Young is a
total mental alpha-witch.
I thought I was going to go crazy.
It's actually in my cell phone.
Where is it?
Isn't it so pretty?
Please.
Put it down.
Put it down. Put it down.
Is she serious?
That's why Shi Young
went to the nurse's office.
Was Shi Young seriously injured?
I told you Lee Shi Young
is an alpha-witch.
She doesn't get hurt.
She even went overboard
on the fall since I was watching.
Why does it matter if Bom hears it?
Weren't you saying it for Bom to hear?
Hey, is that the same?
Telling her myself and
having my little sister tell for me.
Is that the same?
I suppose so.
I'm a little knowledgeable in this area.
Hey, I need to use your phone.
Stop. You're going to run into that.
Look at you looking around.
I kept you from hitting your head.
What are you doing here?
I had a snack with Ga Ram.
What about you?
I didn't get to see you at school.
I went to see the nurse because
I wasn't feeling well.
- What about now? Are you okay?
- Yes.
Since we met up like this,
should we go see a movie?
- I'll treat.
- That sounds good.
There's a movie I want to see.
You're in first place at school.
Don't you have to study?
No, I don't have much to study today.
What about the talent show practice?
You're not doing that?
Oh, I couldn't get the dance right.
I stopped for now.
Didn't Joo Yeon contact you?
He said he was knowledgeable about this.
What a dense guy.
I'm going to get going now.
I suddenly have something to study.
Why? You should watch with us.
I'm suddenly so thankful.
Have you had dinner yet?
- Not yet.
- What do you like? What do you want?
Do you want to eat before the movie
or after the movie?
We have to take a bus
to get to the theater.
They have good cow intestines
and chicken feet.
I like fried beef sausage too.
Okay. I'll treat you to everything today.
Who could that be?
[Shi Young]
This alpha-witch hates me so much.
Why is she always calling me?
What?
Shi Kyung.
Shi Young.
What's wrong?
Part-time job? You?
Where are you? Stay put.
I'll be right there.
I'm going to see Shi Young,
and I'll be right back.
What happened?
Who was it? Who did this to you?
Ordered iced coffee, but...
Then... refund...
She wanted it back.
Fired...
Order was wrong...
Where is that woman!
Hey, lady!
I heard that you threw iced coffee
in my little sister's face.
Do you want to experience the same thing?
You can't.
Let me go. Let go!
This won't help you or Shi Young.
This woman threw ice coffee at Shi Young,
and she even demanded money!
Hey! Which school do you attend?
Who's your homeroom teacher?
How is it that even the kids here
are so shabby?
Hey, call your parents right now.
What will you do if I call my parents?
What did my Shi Young do wrong
that she deserved that?
Bom came with Shi Kyung, right?
Why did she suddenly leave?
I don't know. They were planning
to go see a movie.
Bom seems to have so many secrets.
Can a simple guy like
Shi Kyung handle her?
Don't underestimate Shi Kyung.
He may seem simple at times,
but he can surprise you, too.
- You saw earlier.
- What?
You mean how he got mad at that lady?
That's true too.
Neither Bom nor I understood
a thing you were saying.
But Shi Kyung understood
everything right away.
That's because he's my older brother.
So, he is your older brother.
Hey, hey, hey. What older brother?
Will the day ever come
when I'll understand
what you're saying when you cry?
It was almost like alien language.
Make an effort.
You're smart, so you'll be faster
than Shi Kyung.
Then, I better make you cry often.
That way you'll speak
that alien language.
What are you talking about?
I don't really cry much.
Yeah right. You looked like
you had cried many times.
You know you're becoming more
and more like Lee Shi Kyung.
I am, huh?
Shi Kyung is in me.
That's a good thing.
Look at that. Look at that.
Kim Bom, wait!
Kim Bom.
Just wait.
Talk to me. Just talk to me.
I don't want to talk to you.
Why are you being this way?
We were supposed to see a movie.
Is this because of Shi Young?
Give this to me.
You have to tell me
in order for me to know.
I won't know if you don't tell me.
I've never had a girlfriend before,
so I don't know the reason.
Please tell me.
Tell me, would you?
Okay. I'll tell you.
I have to tell you in order for you
to be really disappointed in me.
What do you mean?
- I'm jealous.
- Jealous?
Jealous of what?
I have no one.
Even if I called someone crying,
no one would ever come running like that.
Not ever... no one.
You're not jealous of Shi Young, are you?
You know me.
Shi Young and I are enemies.
I hate myself for being like this,
so just leave me alone.
You have your dad.
You seem very close to your dad.
Go. Just go!
[It's the vice-principal.
I'll still be waiting tomorrow.]
[Stop. You're going to run into that.]
[Look at you looking around.]
[DF Ver] E05 Andante "What Should I Say?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Bom is absent again.
Lee Shi Kyung.
I already saw you. I already saw you.
Deferred payment. What's that?
Do your mission first.
If you do a good job on that mission,
then you can bring me a cactus.
That will never happen.
This mission is...
I am not curious.
Listen even if you're not curious.
Huh? She can read my mind.
You know the patient
Kim Jae Woong at the hospice?
I heard Grandma Duk Boo
made him soybean paste soup.
- Yes.
- Go and bring his mother here.
She lives by the sea in Chungcheong-do.
Why would I do that?
The patient wants to see her.
No one can bring her though.
But, why would I go?
You will be compensated
for your transportation costs.
No.
I'm very bad with directions.
Of course, it would be great
for the patient to see his mother.
You can go with a friend.
Yes, I'll go with Bom.
We can see the ocean too.
[Missed Call: Bernard]
Let's go see the ocean.
I'll wait for you on Saturday morning
at 8:00 a.m. at the terminal.
[Mom]
I heard that your mother is coming today.
Yes.
I heard she couldn't come on her own.
I guess someone is bringing her.
Yes, but I don't know who it is.
I'm thankful to whoever it is.
You must be excited.
I couldn't sleep a wink.
Honestly, I still can't believe
it's really happening.
I'm relieved to see that
the weather is so nice.
Our trip to the ocean...
was very different from what
I had originally imagined.
Why didn't you answer the phone?
Let's talk inside.
I have to go somewhere now.
Where would you go?
I left early in the morning
just to see you.
Get inside.
I got a call from school and heard that
you've missed several days of school.
Why are you even here if you're
not even attending school?
Is it because of that great dad of yours?
If I wasn't here,
what would you be able to do for me?
What would you do?
All I have to do
is stay out of your sight.
Why are you acting out of character?
Do you believe what you're saying?
Have I ever asked you for anything?
You have no interest in me,
so why are you doing this to me?
Because you're my mom?
Because we're family?
- Kim Bom.
- I don't know what family is.
You raised me this way,
so what do you expect from me?
What would I expect?
Just live like a normal
high school student.
Go to school, study, and don't upset me.
Is that what seems normal to you?
That kind of thing is so hard for me.
Know what to expect.
Bom didn't come.
Bom didn't come,
and my heart felt like winter.
At the end of that trip...
I felt like I had been betrayed.
Are you all right?
Take a deep breath.
I watched those two people
crying so hard.
There was something I felt sorry about.
Also...
I knew...
what I needed to say to Bom.
I need to see you now.
Where are you? Where are you right now?
Bom had remembered.
That moment we first met.
Did you have a good trip?
Yes.
I waited a long time
this morning at the terminal.
I went to the terminal.
I was late, and you were gone.
You should've called.
I thought about it.
I didn't need to say anything cool.
About us dating...
I didn't need to practice either.
I want to give you my answer now.
Okay.
Let's date.
If you call me crying,
I'll run to you like crazy.
Okay.
One word that bonded us was enough.
Okay. Let's date.
The reason I taught you
how to play Go-Stop...
was because it's something I'm good at.
I had fun doing it too.
But, getting paid to do it...
It's true that I have no money,
but getting paid to do it...
I felt really bad.
I used 10,000 won to eat hamburgers
and have drinks with my friend.
I'll pay you back.
I want you to have this.
[Class President]
Hey, Bernard.
What's up with you and Bom?
You and Bom were in charge of the dance,
but you ruined it.
Now, you've left us hanging.
I never said I'd be in charge.
Nonetheless, we can't dance,
so we need to do something else.
Why do we have to?
Shi Kyung and Bom might not
be used to these things.
They're from Seoul.
Also, they're both busy lately.
Why?
By chance, are you two dating?
Yes... why?
Wow!
Chicken, chicken!
Chicken, chicken! Yes!
- Chicken, chicken!
- Calm down, would you?
Chicken, chicken, chicken!
Why are they acting like this?
The vice-principal said she'd treat the
class with the first couple to chicken.
Bernard, you figure out what we're
going to do for our talent by tomorrow.
Meet here again tomorrow.
Joo Yeon.
Hey, you've got a pretty big mouth.
All I did was say that
you guys were busy.
I thought it was a joke,
but there really has never been a couple?
That's not it.
There was one couple.
They attended long ago and got married.
We're all like family though.
Family can't date each other.
I'm hungry.
Right? You're hungry?
- Should we go eat something?
- I have to go to the hospice.
My dad wants me to come.
- I'm going to go.
- Wait.
I need to drop by the hospice too.
Why do you need to go?
Didn't you go earlier?
Find a place like last time,
and send me a picture.
That was fun.
Okay.
Is that true?
What do you like about Shi Kyung?
I mean how long have you liked him?
Ever since he got on his knees
in front of Yong Gi.
What? Why then?
He looked so cool then.
Were you the one who sent that note?
Yes, I was worried that he might
actually be a bully gangster.
Suk Joo Yeon, you...
I'm so envious of you.
I want to like someone, too.
I don't mean Park Bo Gum,
but like in real life.
Oh, girl.
What do you think about Yong Gi?
Ji Hye and Yong Gi
sound very good together.
Hey! Yong Gi is scary.
Then Ga Ram?
What in the world happened?
What happened?
- Seriously...
- Please be quiet.
Your mother-in-law just fell asleep.
Oh, what am I going to do?
Come to my job.
What now?
What is this?
The 10,000 won I took from you before.
Just trying to say thanks.
You see? Your brother is the best.
No way.
Oh yeah, have you apologized to Grandma?
Why would I?
Grandma stays late at the hospice or
with a friend every night because of you.
Why is that because of me?
Grandma is just busy.
I clearly heard her say that you like it
when she comes home late.
Be good to her.
Where is this?
There is a river behind the school.
It looks like that.
Behind the school?
You're going to see Bom, right?
I heard you two are dating.
It takes one minute and 30 seconds
for a rumor to spread in this school.
What is with Bom's taste in men?
That girl...
Huh?
Billions of won?
Why do you have this then?
I don't know why.
Take this. Hurry up, and accept it.
You're kidding, right?
Why would you give this to me?
Don't tell anyone about it.
It will be a big problem
if my kids find out about it.
No, I don't want it.
Mother.
I heard that you have your appetite back.
I brought you the black sesame porridge
that you like so much.
I ground it up very fine.
I don't want it.
You may have poisoned it.
Hey, don't be like that again.
Don't be that way, and have some
while it's still warm.
Mother, ahh...
Mother, why are you being this way to me?
Hey, lady!
I heard that you threw iced coffee
in my little sister's face.
Hey! Which school do you attend?
Who's your homeroom teacher?
How is it that even the kids here
are so shabby?
Hey, call your parents right now?
Oh... that lady.
Oh, you!
Shi Kyung, you can go.
Yes.
Hey.
What do you want?
Lower your voice.
What are you doing here?
Who are you anyway?
Why are you hanging around
my mother-in-law?
- What do you want?
- Hey, lady!
You'll get hurt if you act out of turn.
Don't mess around.
Who is she anyway?
That's what I'm saying.
What's her reason
for hanging around that grandma?
What does she want?
She's interrogating you about things
she feels guilty about.
I think so.
Are you going to keep this ring?
No! I would never do that.
I went back to return it to her.
But, she wasn't conscious.
I'm worried about her.
It is very pretty.
What are you doing?
Hey!
Where is the diamond ring?
What do I do?
Where is it?
Jung Won.
Wait!
You've been hiding something
from me, haven't you?
No, I haven't.
Tell me. What is it?
I got a contract teaching position.
Really?
It's too early to be happy about it.
I have to take a test teaching a class.
I have to pass that test to get hired.
- But...
- But what?
It happens to be Shi Kyung
and Shi Young's class.
Oh, that's great.
The student body numbers are very small.
I feel so nervous thinking about
teaching Shi Kyung and Shi Young.
How strange.
Ah, you can just practice
in front of them.
That would be a good method too.
The song you are now listening to is...
Tchaikovsky's String Quartet,
No.1, 2nd Movement...
Do you think doing a cosplay
is a bad idea too?
You don't think it would go over well?
I might give it a try
if it might go over well.
I don't know.
What is your group doing?
I heard you and Bom are a burden
because you can't dance.
I don't know.
Ah, I have to think about that too.
Why won't you listen to me?
Aunt, it's boring. I'm sleepy.
You're sleepy?
Aunt, I'm sorry.
I'm busy, and I think I have to go.
No! Wait, wait.
I have something to do.
Just sit down for a bit. Wait for a bit.
Practice in front of Grandma.
If you can do it in front of Grandma,
you can do it in front of anyone.
Just tell me to die instead.
What about Grandma?
Grandma is sleeping. What about her?
Already? When did she get in?
She went to bed as soon as she got in.
Is she feeling unwell?
Seriously? I have to do
something in the room.
Do it out here.
Don't turn on the light
when she's sleeping.
Also, have you apologized to her?
Gosh!
When will she grow up?
How about you? Is the practice helping?
Jung Won, what am I going to do?
Why? It's not working out?
Grandma. It's me, Shi Young.
What are you doing?
Hey!
Where in the world is it! Where is it?
Hey, crazy punk.
Why are you always acting so crazy?
Seriously...
Have you thought about the talent show?
I should think about it.
Yeah... yeah.
Ah... I don't have time to think
about the talent show.
Huh?
"A person who can laugh is great."
"A person who can make one laugh
is even greater."
Mother, please come eat.
Shi Young, you're not eating?
Have some breakfast.
Hey, Shi Young!
[To: Grandma]
I feel nervous.
What if I use Dad's idea, and it
turns out like the tombstone inscription?
What? You want to do what?
Isn't that what old grandpas did
hundreds of years ago in the Stone Age?
What is this reaction?
Yes, it was hard to find.
I couldn't sleep at all.
I think the older patients would like it.
It'll be funny.
Lee Shi Kyung, are you really from Seoul?
I totally love it.
I really love these types of things.
I think it'll be fun too.
The dance will be easy, so that's good.
The response is good!
Dad, it's working this time.
Why not go for a tourist bus version?
With some tacky music.
That's a great idea!
We should use that kind of music.
Oh, wait.
Why am I acting like this?
Where's Shi Kyung?
Did he already leave?
I think he went to the hospice.
Is something going on with Shi Kyung?
Grandma Ring is not awake yet.
What should I do?
Lee Shi Kyung.
Here is some soybean paste soup.
Wow! You made this all yourself?
Of course.
Did you close the door well?
The door? Why?
The patients can't eat very well.
I would feel bad if the smell got out.
Sometimes when I'm busy,
Ga Ram and I eat here like this.
All right, then. Let's eat.
Thank you for the food.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
The fish turned out very well.
Ga Ram, here you go.
- Be careful of the little bones.
- Okay.
The fish was grilled so well.
- Shi Kyung.
- Yes?
Here you go.
Here. Eat up lots.
One moment.
So, that's what a father is.
In times like this,
I wish I had a father too.
My mother-in-law's ring is gone.
Where is he?
Where is the boy who was
hanging around her room?
We don't know much about
our patients' personal lives.
Report it to the police
if you're so suspicious.
You refer to them as family
and not patients.
Now, you're going to act this way?
Shouldn't you have reported it
to the police first?
Your mother-in-law may have done
something with it.
Ask her once she wakes up.
You don't know what you're saying.
I've never seen her with her ring off.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
Why you old grandma...
You better not get any closer
to my grandma.
The grandma and granddaughter
are quite a pair.
30,912 hours, 14 years,
10 months, 10 days.
That's crazy.
I'd like to do that job
we talked about last time.
Thank you.
For coming to see me.
Where did you find this ring?
We couldn't find it
when we looked so hard.
It was stuck in the dirt,
so I had to clean it off.
My Shi Yoon always used to do that dance.